docs: Added Invoice Discounting Documentation (#421)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/invoice_discounting.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->

> **Invoice discounting is the practice of using a company's unpaid invoices as collateral for a short term loan, which is issued by a bank or a finance company.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Invoice discounting is the practice of using a company's unpaid sales invoices as collateral for a short term loan, which is issued by a bank or a finance company.**
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Invoice discounting list, go to:
> Home > Accounting > Banking and Payments > Invoice Discounting
```

> ### Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

You need to create following ledgers in order to post invoice discounting transactions.

**Short Term Loan:** A ledger under the 'Current Liabilities' > 'Loans (Liabilities)' group for loan.

**Bank Account Charges:** An expense ledger for charges levied by the bank.

**Accounts Receivable Credit Account:** A control account of type receivable.

**Accounts Receivable Discounted Account:** A receivable account for invoices which have been discounted.

**Accounts Receivable Unpaid Account:** A receivable account for invoices which were discounted and remain unpaid even after the loan period is over.

> ### 1. How to Post an Invoice Discounting Transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. How to Post an Invoice Discounting Transaction
```

1. Go to **Accounting > Banking and Payments > Invoice Discounting > New**.
1. Enter Posting Date and Loan Start Date. Enter the Loan Period in days.
1. Select invoices either manually in the table or by clicking on the 'Get Invoices' button on the top right.
1. Select Short Term Loan Account, Bank Account, and Bank Charges Account.
1. Select Accounts Receivable Credit Account, Accounts Receivable Discounted Account and Accounts Receivable Unpaid Account
1. Click on Save then Submit.

> 1. Click on 'Disburse Loan' and a Journal Entry screen will be prepared. Save then Submit the Journal Entry.

Reviewer: unclear
After submitting, click on 'Disburse Loan'. Go to Journal Entry....?

also, a screenshot for the journal entry screen?

> 1. Click on 'Disburse Loan' and a Journal Entry screen will be prepared. Save then Submit the Journal Entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After submitting, click on 'Disburse Loan'. You'll be taken to a Journal Entry screen will be prepared. Save then Submit the Journal Entry.
```

  <img class="screenshot" alt="Lead" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/invoice_discounting.png">

> ### 1. Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Features
```

> #### 2.1 Import Invoices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2.1 Import Invoices
```

Click on 'Get Invoices' button to import invoices. You can import invoices based on certain criteria.

* Invoices raised to specific customer.
* Date range between which the invoices were raised.
* Minimum and maximum amount.

You can also specify multiple of the above filters.

> #### 2.2 Close the Loan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2.2 Close the Loan
```

When you repay the loan at the end of the loan period or before that, you can update the same by clicking on 'Close Loan' button. System will prepare the Journal Entry. Review and Submit the same.

> #### 2.3 Auto Update of Ledgers at the End of Loan Period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2.3 Auto Update of Ledgers at the End of Loan Period
```

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->

**Invoice discounting is the practice of using a company's unpaid sales invoices as collateral for a short term loan, which is issued by a bank or a finance company.**
To access the Invoice discounting list, go to:
> Home > Accounting > Banking and Payments > Invoice Discounting

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Prerequisites
```

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->

**Invoice discounting is the practice of using a company's unpaid invoices as collateral for a short term loan, which is issued by a bank or a finance company.**

> 

Reviewer: add a paragraph demonstrating a scenario to add clarity on use case
like: consider that you have some unpaid invoices for xyz and you need money...etc

Author: I have covered that in the definition...

> ### 1. Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Invoice Discounting list, go to:
> Home > Accounting > Banking and Payments > Invoice Discounting

Prerequisites
```

Author: I didn't get you point...

Reviewer: for mat is 1. How to create, so prerequisites shouldn't be numbered. ref: feedback from umair on another page

> You need to create below ledgers in order to post invoice discounting transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create following ledgers in order to post invoice discounting transactions:
```

> **Short Term Loan:** A ledger under current liabilities for loan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Short Term Loan:** A ledger under the 'Current Liabilities' account for loan.
```

Author: I am not referring to the 'Current Liabilities' group specifically...

Reviewer: what are you referring to? the sentence is not clear for the end user

> **Short Term Loan:** A ledger under current liabilities for loan.

Reviewer: these definitions are too short, need more explanation

**Bank Account Charges:** An expense ledger for charges levied by the bank.

**Accounts Receivable Credit Account:** A control account of type receivable.

**Accounts Receivable Discounted Account:** A receivable account for invoices which have been discounted.

**Accounts Receivable Unpaid Account:** A receivable account for invoices which were discounted and remain unpaid even after the loan period is over.

> ### 2. How to Post an Invoice Discounting Transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. How to Post an Invoice Discounting Transaction
```

> To post a new Invoice Discounting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
this is the title, no need to repeat

> 1. Go to **Accounting > Banking and Payments > Invoice Discounting > New**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Invoice Discounting list, click on New.
```

> 1. Enter Posting Date, Loan Start Date, Loan Period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter Posting Date and Loan Start Date. Enter the Loan Period in days.
```

> 1. Select invoices either manually or by clicking on 'Get Invoices'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select invoices either manually in the table or by clicking on the 'Get Invoices' button on the top right.
```

> 1. Select Short Term Loan Account, Bank Account, Bank Charges Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select Short Term Loan Account, Bank Account, and Bank Charges Account.
```

1. Select Accounts Receivable Credit Account, Accounts Receivable Discounted Account and Accounts Receivable Unpaid Account

> 1. Click on Save and Submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on Save then Submit.
```

> 1. Click on 'Disburse Loan' and in the Journal Entry screen click on Save and Submit.

Reviewer: unclear
After submitting, click on 'Disburse Loan'. Go to Journal Entry....?

also, a screenshot for the journal entry screen?

Reviewer: pending

  <img class="screenshot" alt="Lead" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/invoice_discounting.png">

> ### 3. Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Features
```

Author: 1 is Prerequisite, 2 is How to Post an... 3 is faetures

Reviewer: after removing the number 1. from prerequisite

#### 3.1 Import Invoices

> You can click on 'Get Invoices' button to import invoices. You can import invoices based on certain criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on 'Get Invoices' button to import invoices. You can import invoices based on certain criteria like:
```

> 1. Invoices raised to specific customer.

Reviewer: regular bullets not numbered
